  			END SEM PROJECT
			    GROUP-15
		       CAB BOOKING SYSTEM
		            Cabenato
Team Member names:

1. Devansh Agrawal b20094
2. Arman B20083
3. Nilesh Rewasiya B20117
4. Hemant Bansal B20288
5. Harikrit Khatait B20102
6. Komal B20111
7. Shivam Kumar B20134

Name of our project is CABENATO .It is online cab booking system.
To setup our website you need to follow the instructions mentioned below and also know purpose 
of different programs.

1. When you open "ENDSEM_Project_Group-15" you will encounter 2 files and two folders.
One file is Instruction.txt which you are currently reading and has the complete set-up process of our site.
Second file will be a pdf file showing a introduction to our site, methodology used to make our site, data Schema,etc.

2. Open folder sql and you will see a file named "Mandicab.sql" which contains database of our site and you to import it first.
a) Open Xampp shell.
b) First create a empty database named mandicab using following query : "CREATE DATABASE Mandicab"
c) After this save this "mandicab.sql" in Xampp folder.
d) Then run this command to import the database into the sql server from dump file : "mysql -u username -p password mandicab < mandicab2.sql"
Your Database is successfully uploaded.

3. Now take the folder named "Main" and save the folder in "htdocs" present in Xampp folder.

4. Again open Xampp control panel and start Apache and Mysql by clicking "Start".

5.Now open your browser and type : "localhost/main/form.php".

6.This command will take you to site's main login-signup page from where you can navigate to any page of our cab booking site.

7. To enter cab booking page you just need to signup and login with same email and password but to enter Admin page you have to use a special email and password which is:
Email="nrewasiya@gmail.com" and password="9752452576". When you enter this you will be redirected to Admin.php.

8. Any user by default is a Customer, so if you want to become Admin you need to change your "Category" Column value corresponding 
to your Email id to Admin using "Update" function in Mandicab database in Customer table in sql shell.
Command - "update customer set Category='Admin' where Email="Your_Email"; ".

9.You also need to change settings in XAMPP so that it also user to send message. Change setting in sendmail.ini file present in Sendmail folder in XAMPP
At the same time allow less secure application to access gmail in your google account settings.  

Your Set up is Complete. Now you can use our site in your local device. For more information about our site please read our "report".
Thank you







